Revamping "Introduction to Qiskit Serverless" (#1650)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/qiskit-serverless.mdx

---

> title: Qiskit Serverless overview

Reviewer: should this be "Introduction to Qiskit Serverless" to match the toc title?

Author: Yep

description: Use Qiskit Serverless to run quantum-classical workloads across cloud and quantum-centric supercomputing environments.
---

# What is Qiskit Serverless?

> Qiskit Serverless provides a simple interface to run workloads across quantum-classical resources. This includes deploying programs to the IBM Quantum Platform, running workloads remotely, and easy resource management across cloud and quantum-centric supercomputing environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Qiskit Serverless provides a simple interface to run workloads across quantum-classical resources. Capabilities include deploying programs to IBM Quantum&trade; Platform, running workloads remotely, and easy resource management across cloud and quantum-centric supercomputing environments.
```

> Premium users can build, deploy, and run their workloads remotely on classical compute made available through the IBM Quantum Platform. Try out the tutorials in [IBM Quantum Learning](https://learning.quantum.ibm.com/catalog/tutorials?topics=qiskit-patterns) (note: these are accessible in the Premium Plan once you have logged into your IBM Quantum account).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Premium Plan users can build, deploy, and run their workloads remotely on classical compute made available through IBM Quantum Platform. Try out the tutorials in [IBM Quantum Learning](https://learning.quantum.ibm.com/catalog/tutorials?topics=qiskit-patterns) (note: these are accessible in the Premium Plan once you have logged into your IBM Quantum account).
```

<Admonition type="note">

>     This is a preview feature, subject to change.

Reviewer: ugh I'm really not a fan of this "preivew" term, it means nothing to users, is there any way we can explain this term a bit more?

Author: I think we can change how we phrase it, as long as we stay to the spirit of "preview"

Reviewer 2: How about something like "This feature is under continual development, subject to change" (or "frequent development")

</Admonition>

## When should I use Qiskit Serverless?

Qiskit Serverless is useful in the following situations: 

> - Parallelising classical tasks, such as pre-processing and post-processing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Parallelizing classical tasks, such as pre-processing and post-processing
```

- Persisting long running workloads in the cloud, even if your laptop is turned off
- Deploying reusable programs

> ## Installing Qiskit Serverless

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Install Qiskit Serverless
```

To use Qiskit Serverless on IBM Quantum Platform, install the `qiskit-serverless` package:

```bash
pip install qiskit_serverless
```

> This package requires `python` 3.10+. For users and organizations who want to run Serverless on custom infrastructure, follow the [deploy Qiskit Serverless on custom cloud resources guide](https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-serverless/).

Reviewer 2: I don't see anything with that exact title - is it this? : https://qiskit.github.io/qiskit-serverless/deployment/cloud.html

Author: Yep!
